-> Animation : 
.) The programmed movement or state changes of elements like text, images, and UI components to improve user experience. 
.) Or we can say that whatever intrection or movement we see on the website are animation (making a still object move) .
.) It follows a basic principle of moving a object from its initial postion to fianl position or vice versa.

-> GSAP :
.) GSAP is a javascript based animation library , which makes implementation of animation easier in frontend ui development.
.) we have to GSAP funtions "to" , "from".
.) to : when we want to animate the element from its initial position to final position. eg in the file
.) from : when we want to animate the element from its final position to initial position. eg in the file

> Syntax of GSAP : gsap.to("Name of the element",{
    // code we want to execute
})

> Some GSAP properties:
.) "stagger": when we have same elements to animate like (3 h1) but we dont want them to animate all together in a group , then we use stagger . what it do is that it animate each element with given property one by one . and the other element in the queue will animate after the duration defined in stagger . as shown in eg.

.)"repeat": when we want the same elemnt to repeat again and again . repeat: times to repeat (-1 for infinite).

.)"yoyo": we use yoyo with repeat if want to do element like (yoyo initial to final and then final to initial) . yoyo:true/false . see eg.

>GSAP Timeline:

.) we use gsap timeline to make our elemnts animation syncronus , one element animate after another. see eg. 

-> GSAP scrollTrigger:

.)GSAP scrollTrigger is a GSAP plug in which provides us on scroll animations , like if we want to animate our element when user scrolls the page then we use this , we can trigger animation on certain scroll conditions . see eg.

> scrollTrigger Properties :

.) "markers" : markers provides us the scroller-start and end and the elemnt animation start and end (like when animation will be triggered) , so when the scroller start meets the element animation start then animation is triggered. see in eg.

.) "scrub" : scrub means the animation moves with the scroll instead of playing on its own.
     - if scrub: true, the animation follows your scroll position exactly.
     - if scrub: 1 or scrub: 2, the animation follows the scroll with a small delay, so it feels smoother.

.) "pin" : pin means the element stays fixed on the screen for a while while the page keeps scrolling.
     - it is useful when you want one section to stay in view during the animation.

> Simple example:

gsap.to(".box", {
    x: 500,
    scrollTrigger: {
        trigger: ".box",
        scroller: "body",
        start: "top 60%",
        end: "top 20%",
        scrub: true,
        pin: true,
        markers: true
    }
})

> In this example:
.) scrub: true means the box moves only when you scroll.
.) pin: true means the box stays fixed on the screen during that scroll part.
.) markers: true helps you see where the animation starts and ends.